Create rule S7476: Comments should start with the appropriate number of slashes (#4957)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7476/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Starting in Java 23, comments beginning with three slashes ``++///++`` are interpreted as JavaDoc comments using Markdown syntax.

In Java 22 and earlier, comments starting with more than 2 slashes were treated as normal comments.

> Accidentally writing comments with three or more slashes can lead to unintended JavaDoc being generated, potentially causing warnings, mistakes, or incorrect documentation behavior during the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accidentally writing comments with three or more slashes can lead to unintended JavaDoc being generated, when migrating to Java 23.
```
I think we can highlight that the problem happen when migrating to java 23. We can also shorten a bit the sentence as we have the What is the potential impact? section below
